.. SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0

Kernel driver sq24860
=====================

Supported chips:

  * Silergy SQ24860

    Prefix: 'sq24860'

Author:

	Ziming Zhu <ziming.zhu@silergycorp.com>

Description
------------

This driver implements support for the Silergy SQ24860 eFuse. The device is an
integrated circuit protection and power management device with a PMBus
interface.

The device supports direct format for reading input voltage, output voltage,
auxiliary voltage, input current, input power, and temperature.

The current and power measurement scale depends on the resistor connected
between the IMON pin and ground. The resistor value can be configured with the
``silergy,rimon-micro-ohms`` device tree property. See
``Documentation/devicetree/bindings/hwmon/pmbus/silergy,sq24860.yaml`` for details.

Due to the specificities of the chip, all history reset attributes are tied
together. Resetting the history of one sensor resets the history of all sensors.

Sysfs entries
-------------

The following attributes are supported. Limits are read-write; all other
attributes are read-only.

======================= ======================================================
in1_label               "vin"
in1_input               Measured input voltage.
in1_average             Average measured input voltage.
in1_min                 Minimum input voltage limit.
in1_lcrit               Critical low input voltage limit.
in1_max                 Maximum input voltage limit.
in1_crit                Critical high input voltage limit.
in1_min_alarm           Input voltage low warning alarm.
in1_lcrit_alarm         Input voltage low fault alarm.
in1_max_alarm           Input voltage high warning alarm.
in1_crit_alarm          Input voltage high fault alarm.
in1_highest             Historical maximum input voltage.
in1_lowest              Historical minimum input voltage.
in1_reset_history       Write any value to reset history.

in2_label               "vmon"
in2_input               Measured auxiliary input voltage.

in3_label               "vout1"
in3_input               Measured output voltage.
in3_average             Average measured output voltage.
in3_min                 Minimum output voltage limit.
in3_min_alarm           Output voltage low alarm.
in3_lowest              Historical minimum output voltage.
in3_reset_history       Write any value to reset history.

curr1_label             "iin"
curr1_input             Measured input current.
curr1_average           Average measured input current.
curr1_max               Maximum input current warning limit.
curr1_crit              Critical input over-current fault limit.
curr1_max_alarm         Input current warning alarm.
curr1_crit_alarm        Input over-current fault alarm.
curr1_highest           Historical maximum input current.
curr1_reset_history     Write any value to reset history.

power1_label            "pin"
power1_input            Measured input power.
power1_average          Average measured input power.
power1_max              Maximum input power warning limit.
power1_alarm            Input power warning alarm.
power1_input_highest    Historical maximum input power.
power1_reset_history    Write any value to reset history.

temp1_input             Measured temperature.
temp1_average           Average measured temperature.
temp1_max               Maximum temperature warning limit.
temp1_crit              Critical temperature fault limit.
temp1_max_alarm         Temperature warning alarm.
temp1_crit_alarm        Temperature fault alarm.
temp1_highest           Historical maximum temperature.
temp1_reset_history     Write any value to reset history.

samples                 Number of samples used for average values.
======================= ======================================================

